wow and there it is guys we're going to
get that steamed
incredible we just walked into the most
busy
chinese restaurant in the city whoa
all right check it out guys this is
trevor james we are with our buddy mark
so i'm simply enough you guys are going
to instagram in the description below
and today we are in epo one of
malaysia's top food cities and we're
bringing you for a
full on evil street food tour so buddy i
hope you bring your a-game because we're
gonna eat our hot dog let's check it out
this is it ipo one of malaysia's top
food cities full of flavor around every
corner
and today we're bringing you in full on
for
five ultimate street foods of ippo with
a bonus
10 pound monster grouper fish head at
the end
you're gonna get hungry let's eat and
here we are guys
ippo this is one of the food cities of
malaysia yeah and first up going into
the day we're gonna start off with
uh dry curry meat let's check it out
guys
check the temperature boom
and here we are
and here we are guys we just walked into
the curry noodle hot spot
and this is where it all starts you can
get your egg noodles
oh yeah so it's a mixture egg noodle and
bihun rice noodle and they go right into
the cauldron and we're gonna watch the
whole process of how these
dry style and soup style curry noodles
are made and here's the cashew
look at this barbecue pork going right
on top
and this is the soup style so you can
get a creamy curry broth going
right in with the chashu and the mixed
noodle and then here's the magic this
thick chicken curry almost like a
chinese rendang
oh yeah with tons of thick sauce
look at that and young oh then a little
topping of the extra thick stuff
oh it's so thick and shang
and then topped with mint and then
here's the dry style they just added on
the chashu and then comes in oh
and you can get drying gravy yes
and then there's the curry going right
on top and mint goes on
goes on ready to serve all right all
right
here it is wow
curry delight this is the curry soup
that's the
soup style yes
and here we are we just came in and got
the most ultimate dry style the dry
stuff
curry meat yeah yeah and underneath it
you have the
the types of noodles that you want a
mixture of rice
and yellow noodles with the chashu cha
chew the barbecue pork
exactly and that curry sauce is so old
yeah yeah
look at that and i love how it adds in
like that broth yeah with a little mint
on top
wow and then we got the soup curry
version yeah it's a bit of a light curry
broth plus
the thick paste as well yeah so oh look
at that
curry sauce and that's the norma guy
sticky rice
topped with chinese curry so let's try
this dry style
let's try it out go buddy
can you taste the herbal flavor a bit
the herbal
yeah wow it's actually nice and bold
it's not creamy
yeah it's like a thick chicken curry you
can taste a total mixture of spices yeah
you should have some with the mint oh
yeah because it really cuts through
the richness that is awesome and it's
lightly spiced let's try some no my guy
here
look at that sticky rice with chicken
curry and you can get nomakai in
guangzhou
in hong kong but it's never with curry
yeah and that's what's so great about
malaysia you can get curry
with everything you can just pimp it
so in case the noodle is not enough you
can always order add-ons yes
and it's got some chinese sausage in
there too so if you guys have some
sweetness
and maybe some chaas
[Music]
thank you bye-bye see you next time
that was wow that was legit let's keep
going yeah
and next up while making our way to the
ultimate
salt baked chicken we stumbled on a
super unique
breakfast noodle full of malaysian
manny's
sweet leaves we are just exploring the
local
morning markets and we are just going
into a hawker center
probably going to have fun me right here
oh and here we are
look at this absolute mastery of this
station here he is rocking the speed
he's the soup ninja
yeah soup ninja with six cauldrons yeah
it was six cauldrons the garlic oil the
garlic
oil going right in it's fried garlic too
yeah fried garlic
and the mangi chai thai the manis leaves
yeah
goes in sweet manis leaves
boom and here comes the pork pork
it smells fantastic you have the fine
one
you have the thicker one like fettuccine
wow and then there'll be another one
that they will
tear it and we're going to get the thick
noodle the thick noodle man there they
go
they're going in there's the noodles
there they are look we got six giant
cauldrons of
ban me yeah that's unique guys
you can have this either soup or you can
either have it dried version
wow look at those long chopsticks yeah
man
those are pro okay and here they come
and we got two of those and piao yang he
can't believe
he can build his deep fried anchovies
going right on top
yeah wow and
here thank we go here they are
there we go pan me my friends look at
this
wow what a unique combo man yeah
so it's the manis leaves money leaves
money leaves
yeah and they're actually sweet it's
sweet it's packed with iron
oh wow and then you have the anchovies
and anchovy stuff yeah wow
[Music]
very good oh wow
you can't stop it's like a upgraded fish
stock it's like that pure
um with the money leaves they're
slightly sweet
bye-bye
we're going to keep going yeah and next
up before our
big seafood feast we're going to try a
super unique ipo
specialty the salt baked chicken
okay and next up mark is bringing us for
more chicken
we're going for salt baked chicken you
pumped buddy
yeah bro bring on the chicken this shop
has two buildings
this one right here is the central
kitchen there's a lot of
baking going on here and the one it's
where
they'll ship everything there to be sold
yeah so we're going to start from behin
from the front and then we're gonna move
behind let's go for salt fake chicken
chicken chicken chicken here we go guys
oh and this is the salt baked chicken
set up look at this
wow this is amazing we just walked into
this giant
oven room there's about 15 or 20 ovens
here
full of chicken wrapped up chicken
and they use salt as well on the chicken
yeah
and he is just loading up each oven here
and how long are these gonna bake for
uh total an hour so but they have to
flip it
uh every 30 minutes so cooking one side
for 30 minutes and then the other side
for 30 minutes yeah
they have about what 16 of these here
yeah and
each one i think i calculated they have
about eight yeah
and all day every day chicken in this
chicken non-stop
it's like an infinity chicken loop here
infinity and beyonce yeah
chicken time it's gonna be really good
here they come that's the chicken
so these are the fresh ones yeah oh
and here we are there's most precious
gem yep
the salt baked chicken okay let's unwrap
this beauty oh
it's saturated with with juices chicken
juices and this is the do jamiefong the
secret recipe let's see what lao ban is
packed on the inside
oh it's so soaking with the chicken
christmas came early
it is yeah look at that there's so much
juice there
and it's just dripping with juice look
at that guys that is the essence of life
oh is that good
essence of life yeah this is a stock man
that is pure essence of chicken
wow wow man let's just pull these legs
oh
you can you can smell that smokey oven
oh it's hot
look at that chicken i've never seen a
more
succulent looking piece of meat
[Music]
wow
and that right there mark is explaining
to us that is tong koi
which is angelica root and it gives it
this chinese medicinal almost ginseng
like flavor
and you can taste that in this whole
chicken and last up
to finish up the night mark is bringing
us to the ultimate
chinese seafood feast with a 10 pound
grouper head finish up the day guys mark
and i are going we're getting
monster prawns and a suckling pig
at one of the most famous chinese
restaurants here in ipoh yes it's gonna
be good
and they've invited us in let's go check
it out
have fun thank you oh and we're going to
get in the kitchen guys
and look at this kitchen guys this is
the ultimate chinese kitchen here
in ipoh and we're going to be watching
the whole process how they cook
our prawn it's going to be amazing and
look at these prawns we're going to get
those are giant
panda and look at these
and they're just getting plated here oh
and there's crab here too
chickasha mud crab now this is local
crab man
local mud look at that
and here's all the monster balls
and these are our beauties here look at
those
giants look at that yeah it's like a
bicep
oh they're huge
it's big and look at this kitchen guys
this is one of the busiest chinese
kitchens
yeah i'm in the city and these are our
river prawns here yeah are
fronts look at the size there
and here come the prawns going right in
wow instant color chain
and gallium
beautiful
and you can just see how packed it is in
this kitchen guys there's a lot of prep
stations
yeah there's a lot of action going on in
the back and mr fung
is the head chef these are ocean prawns
he's just covering it in some ginger
salt oh and it's gonna get steamed it's
going right in
going right into seamer
beautiful oh look at this giant fish
head
and there it is guys we're gonna get
that steamed yep and chef is just gonna
weigh in
whoa oh not bad
there it goes guys right in the steamer
beautiful oh
and our prawns are ready look at that
whoa
those are beautiful they're golden and
here we are we're gonna take a look
this is the tiger grouper head whoa
sweet soy sauce right on top turbiadata
wow and then just going to cover it in
some scallions
oh garlic oil garlic sesame
yes oh and there it is
let's go try it out guys it's big
it's huge oh look there it is
it's huge so we got the tiger grouper
head and that's pure cantonese style
yeah just light soy sauce yes with the
scallions and the shang thai
and then yo oh and ting's just gonna put
the pork spare ribs to go in the middle
next up is the deep fried fresh river
prawns
deep fried in pork oil pork oil
soy sauce and they're giant yes look at
all this
this is the that's the baby pig
yeah look at the bow there it's got
those like crispy cakes on the inside
yeah with that sweet barbecue sauce
sauce exactly
incredible and then this this is steamed
man
gigantic prawns and those are the ocean
prawns these are all ocean prawns those
are like
this is like 300 to 400 grams each and
luckily
we have some friends who will be helping
us finish all of this yeah
because it's way too much let's start
with these giant ocean prawns and that's
in a steamed egg
right yeah with light soy sauce look at
that that's forearm size
it's huge it's huge let's take some head
butter oh
look at the size it's the size of a
banana there
and then what's this here this is the
prawn sauce man this is like the chili
that goes well with the prawn
so big so we're gonna do it let's take
it
[Music]
whoa that is incredible i just took the
biggest bread of prawn and there's still
over half
left and that chili it's really nice
it's not spicy it's just smooth
yeah and it's got some herbal maybe like
a little minty or coriander or something
yeah i think this is probably some herbs
in it yeah thank you so much yeah super
hot
and next up we should try that giant
fish hat the fish head is actually big
bigger
than the pig the baby pig is smaller
than this fish head that was 4
kg look at that cheek it's getting
covered that's huge
look at that cheek that's like a cow
tongue it's a cow tongue right there
oh nice with the scallion let's go for
that you're going for the meat i go for
the skin
of course bro go for it that's soy sauce
it's so shiny man it's just
very fragrant
yeah whoa that skin right there
is so flavorful and fatty and
gelatin-like
it's just soy sauce but it has this
incredible aroma that brings out the
natural flavor
of the fish and there's just something
special about that
sesame that's yeah so i think the oil
that they use
is actually a home mixture so they have
different types of
ingredients secret ingredients in there
that they use okay next up we should try
this ruju right yes
and they made it into bao so it's
classic chinese bao oh it's like
yeah scallion like a pancake like but
the real joy here
is the crackling my friends it's all bad
skin skin crispy squishy skin let's take
one each
cheers
[Music]
initially i thought it would be heavier
but it's actually quite light
it's all about the sweet barbecue and
that crackling
it's like the perfect combo between soft
and crispy and this is one of the things
i love about malaysia yeah you can
actually have some of the best chinese
food
in the world here yes it's incredible
top notch
underrated you just gotta know where to
look for them and next up we should try
the dragon bronze look at
that absolute caramelized pork lard yeah
look at the head butter you could just
take that like a shot yeah
oh i love how just perfectly how dante
springy they are
and it's actually quite juicy as well
yeah it's not too dry oh
all right dessert time
dessert thank you the dessert changes
every day and today it's basically made
from pandan especially
and it's all natural no they don't use
coloring or additional things oh so it's
pure pandan jelly yeah that's a true
malaysian specialty pandan
inside you have a long one right on the
inside
there we go
[Music]
wow that is so refreshing you can taste
the pandan and also the egg there that
it's like an egg drop soup with pandan
it's like a malaysian vanilla oh yeah
yeah exactly
yeah yeah
thank you thank you very much thank you
see you thank you
see you next time bye bye bye
bye-bye hope you guys enjoyed that
street food video
make sure to leave us a comment down
below and go subscribe to mark's new
youtube channel
in the description below as well thanks
a lot for watching guys